my name is Makoto and I'm from the
service I am here to present stls which
integrates DNS server with ipfs and the
DNS so that you can have to this side is
a year as manager which you can register
we share lives that's actually all ipfs
but it has a name with DNS name from a
token or ETH so you can be yeah have
like a decentralized guidance a little
bit about the program of the like guide
us through the process by which a domain
name actually comes to life and how you
map it to come out so how does a domain
name come to life yeah like how does one
person register a domain name by Aaron
name service and yeah so like a ETH
domain is actually you can buy from this
site yeah it's like five dollars per
year and so it's fast composter so you
just buy here and after that
[Music]
but they must fight we're usually yeah
you get with the address yeah maybe goes
for now you actually said that condom
which has a DFS touch ok usually be
quick daddy goes that the MS game right
now we have a special man automatic dog
is gone link yeah this shows rpms
okay this science fair we made a special
Wi-Fi network where it can become
imaginary top-level domain contour EPS
okay got it because it's still not
globally registry available to me yeah
we don't know it's all my fear without
right so when you change a hash when you
change the content - does that make a
transaction in the blockchain currently
only suppose IP so like if you change
the hash any changes you have to
so which is causing this transaction
we are currently have a lot more
requests to support IDNs oh c'mon
scientist it's resolved they're like it
you don't have to detect it's coming
that's that's very cool so where do you
think is the strength in the integration
between ENS and IVFs where do you think
we can go together
yeah when we talk about yes people
usually think about sharing path to
resolve in same address
it's very common question again how do I
have a central people you show us ago
maybe we actually reserved IP address
today
you have to put ipfs that's a difference
between finding content by its location
and finding content by its the content
itself by this is quite good because
some of them unless they have no jsq
they are going to process so they don't
yeah less confident managing server side
hundred also traffic by these they are
because I think we are
develop up with no misery he started
work on tend up and possibly skill
yes yes domains compared to DNS name
okay
so da is a great question I thought you
are yes yeah so okay you know currently
if you again
[Music]
yes management so if you integrate the
top part of your app you can
programmatically and the ultimate reset
yes this DNS server the in the natively
kinda integrates a vessel
does it for you so you can figure it out
is the process yeah yeah yeah DNS entry
in so if your app is actually integrate
with a serial the magic makes it super
easy for developers yes yes
as you see the other way to make you
know what the deal is Solaris stuff for
most debacle so just as a final note
closing note where is this project
headache what's in the future for ENS
DNS DNS yeah so the s DNS protocol again
receive a grant from IP address so Jim
have no doubt the developer spender
production manager companies already
nice don't they yeah I think if we have
to make the server bit more stable make
sure he doesn't go down yeah try to get
amazing